I wonder who will stop
next
friends now have '' Gurt '' next to charmie
let's see what gurt macla
now we're crossing over there
hello to everyone again we saw an incredible mac
I have theokoles next to me
what do you want to say about your performance
it didn't look like a good beginning, but things changed a lot.
beautiful movements especially in your forest
then the raids that you brought changed things a lot
The moment our middle hallway was weak due to some pickups
so our early was weak but we were strong in the late
I couldn't help with that because jarvan was picking up.
I preferred to help him instead of boat lanede kalamim
the game was easier for us
well what we say about the performance of the stay
the only thing really was a negative champion towards the end of the game
And you saved her from front many times.
What about the performance of the player?
I think the best names in the current carry him in my power to protect her turkey
I do everything for her in the #feda team game
well we saw you in a big part of the upper hall
especially in the first stages you were there in thirty seconds
What did you do that was a tactic?
I'm going to the upper hallway by evaluating them.
I didn't have a flash, so I didn't have a five-dakka flash.
my question is very good, I will show you a very good perfonmasn showed rengarla
After that, what champions can you expect from us?
I'd like to play jarvan and I'd like to play rengar
I've just played rek sai you can see the correction =)
I would like to say goodbye to your friends after a very, very nice thank you very much.
What do you think the cradle of power is, and what is unbearable? you do not look very weak, but =) what do you want to say?
Our strong side is close to nothing but in the game with very little time to recover in the game and close the pain of the game again, we can return to the game.
Our biggest plus is that we do too much training in all of us six six hours in the game we play all the time, we are constantly developing ourselves, we are keeping up with the commodities
we follow the games of the european lcs when everything is controlled by one side of the results.
we say that we work with this success
friends tehokoles were with me thanks again, thank you for your interview.
Thank you for watching me now on glandal and scarlet.